politics/government.md, before:

---
title: Government
---

The Government of Werreales, officially the Federal Government of Werreales (上来連邦政府, FGoW), is the governing institution of the Imperial Federation of Werreales. Its structure works on the principles of federalism, ministerial cooperation and democracy. The modern form of the Government, that is the federal system in which Werreales is currently governed, was put in place by Prime Minister AKIRA Junpei on November, 2018 the 30<sup>th</sup> by a national referendum.

---

## Prime Minister

The Government is leaded by a Prime Minister, who gets elected every three months during the _General Elections_. His main roles are to effectively apply the governmental agenda and to represent the country during diplomatic events and parliamentary sessions.

The current Prime Minister of Werreales is 明淳平, AKIRA Junpei <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>, a right-wing politician. He was elected on November, 2018 the 30<sup>th</sup>.

<figure>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/Shinzo_Abe_cropped.JPG" alt="" height="200">
  <figcaption>Junpei Akira</figcaption>
</figure>

---

## Government Composition

The current government was elected by the Parliament on November, 2018 the 30<sup>th</sup> and is effective until Febuary, 2018 the 28<sup>th</sup>. This government is known for cohabiting three political forces. The _Party for a Strong and Sovereign Werreales_ has 3 ministries (not counting the PM), whereas the _Party for a Better Federation_ has 3 ministries. The _Party for People_ only has 2 ministries.

**Minister of Economy, Trade, Agriculture, Industry and Innovation**
: 櫻井博嗣, SAKURAI Hiroshi <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>

**Minister of Homeland Security**
: 崎山武志, SAKIYAMA Takeshi <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>

**Minister of Justice**
: 望月重政, MOCHIZUKI Shigemasa <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>

**Minister of Defense and Galactic Surveillance**
: 辻田内膳, TSUJITA Naizen <b style="color: gray; font-size: 80%">[高国党]</b>

**Minister of Foreign Affairs**
: 日常春樹, ICHIJOU Haruki <b style="color: gray; font-size: 80%">[高国党]</b>

**Minister of Infrastructure, Transportation and Ecology**
: 緒方弁慶, OGATA Benkei <b style="color: gray; font-size: 80%">[高国党]</b>

**Minister of Instruction, Research and Culture**
: 尾崎国行, OSAKI Kuniyuki <b style="color: crimson; font-size: 80%">[人の党]</b>

**Minister of Health, Labour, Youth and Sports**
: 朝下枝, ASA Shizue <b style="color: crimson; font-size: 80%">[人の党]</b>

---

## Structure of the Government

The Government is composed of **9** ministries and **36** departments.

- **Ministry of Economy, Trade, Agriculture, Industry and Innovation** (METAII) \\
  経済貿易農業業界革新省
  - Department of Economy
  - Department of Trade
  - Department of Agriculture
  - Department of Innovation
  - Department of Industry
  - Department of Industrial Connexion
  - Department of Intellectual Property
  - Department of Standardization
- **Ministry of National Security** (MHS) \\
  内国保安省
  - Department of Police
  - Department of Crisis Management
  - Department of Customs
  - Department of Safety and Regulation
  - Department of National Surveillance
  - Department of Identication
- **Ministry of Justice** (MJ) \\
  正義省
  - Department of Judiciary Services
  - Department of Civil Affairs
  - Department of Criminal Affairs
  - Department of Penitentiary Administration
  - Department of Youth Judicial Protection
- **Ministry of Defense and Galactic Surveillance** (MDGS) \\
  銀河防衛監視省
  - Department of Defense
  - Department of Galactic Surveillance
- **Ministry of Foreign Affairs** (MFA) \\
  外交問題省
  - Department of New World Union Countries
  - Department of NationStates Countries
- **Ministry of Infrastructure, Transportation and Ecology** (MITE) \\
  インフラ交通手段生態学省
  - Department of Infrastructure Management
  - Department of Ecology and Recycling
  - Department of Territory Development
  - Department of Urban Transportation
  - Department of Remote Transportation
  - Department of Spatial Transportation
  - Department of Logistics
- **Ministry of Instruction, Research and Culture** (MIRC) \\
  命令研究文化省
  - Department of Instruction
  - Department of Research
  - Department of Culture
- **Ministry of Health, Labour, Youth and Sports** (MHLYS) \\
  健康労働若者スポーツ省  
  - Department of Health
  - Department of Labour
  - Department of Youth
  - Department of Sports

---

## Administration

WIP.

---

## Policies put in place by the Government

Since its foundation, the Government of Werreales has contributed to develop and protect Werreales through many policies. Here is a list of some of the policies carried out by this government:

1. **Establishment of federalism as a governance regime** \\
    Date : November 2018, 30<sup>th</sup> \\
    Under the government Akira (I)

---

## Buildings

The Government of Werreales, as many other governments on NationStates, is composed of numerous buildings, each having a specific purpose. Main buildings holding vital powers are located within the Seiku district, in Shinkyō.

### Kantei

Prime Minister's residence is named Kantei (官邸, litt. the _Official Residence_). It is a well-guarded facility equipped with a landing point for helicopters, protected communications and a private library.

[Picture of the entrance of Prime Minister's residence.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/Soridaijinkantei2.jpg/640px-Soridaijinkantei2.jpg)

### Naikaku

Naikaku (内閣, litt. the _National Cabinet_) is the seat of the Prime Minister of Werreales.

[Picture of the National Cabinet and its surroundings.](https://wpblink.com/sites/default/files/wallpaper/sci-fi/73480/sci-fi-building-wallpapers-hd-73480-3646504.png)

### Moriuchi

Moriuchi (守内, litt. the _House of Defense_) is the seat of the Ministry of Defense and Galactic Surveillance, as well as the headquarters of the Galactic Forces of Werreales. This building is located next to the Cabinet of the Prime Minister.

This building use the latest technologies to prevent any assault by foreign forces. For this reason, it is one of the best guarded facilities on Earth.

[Picture of the House of Defense, a cutting-edge fortress.](https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-890a45f0e246e3907ff344bed03c735a)

Commit message:

Removing _site folder and fixing some issues

politics/government.md, after:

---
title: Government
---

The Government of Werreales, officially the Federal Government of Werreales (abbreviated GoW), is the governing institution of the Imperial Federation of Werreales. Its structure works on the principles of federalism, ministerial cooperation and democracy. The modern form of the Government, that is the [federal system](#federal-administration) in which Werreales is currently governed, was put in place by Prime Minister AKIRA Junpei on November, 2018 the 30<sup>th</sup> by a national referendum.

---

## Prime Minister

The Government is leaded by a Prime Minister, who gets elected every three months during the _General Elections_. His main roles are to effectively apply the governmental agenda and to represent the country during diplomatic events and parliamentary sessions.

The current Prime Minister of Werreales is 明淳平, AKIRA Junpei <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>, a right-wing politician. He was elected on November, 2018 the 30<sup>th</sup>.

<figure>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/Shinzo_Abe_cropped.JPG" alt="" height="200">
  <figcaption>Junpei Akira</figcaption>
</figure>

---

## Government Composition

The current government was elected by the Parliament on November, 2018 the 30<sup>th</sup> and is effective until Febuary, 2018 the 28<sup>th</sup>. This government is known for cohabiting three political forces. The _Party for a Strong and Sovereign Werreales_ has 3 ministries (not counting the PM), whereas the _Party for a Great Country_ has 3 ministries. The _Party for the People_ only has 2 ministries.

**Minister of Economy, Trade, Agriculture, Industry and Innovation**
: 櫻井博嗣, SAKURAI Hiroshi <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>

**Minister of Homeland Security**
: 崎山武志, SAKIYAMA Takeshi <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>

**Minister of Justice**
: 望月重政, MOCHIZUKI Shigemasa <b style="color: navy; font-size: 80%">[強国党]</b>

**Minister of Defense and Galactic Surveillance**
: 辻田内膳, TSUJITA Naizen <b style="color: gray; font-size: 80%">[高国党]</b>

**Minister of Foreign Affairs**
: 日常春樹, ICHIJOU Haruki <b style="color: gray; font-size: 80%">[高国党]</b>

**Minister of Infrastructure, Transportation and Ecology**
: 緒方弁慶, OGATA Benkei <b style="color: gray; font-size: 80%">[高国党]</b>

**Minister of Instruction, Research and Culture**
: 尾崎国行, OSAKI Kuniyuki <b style="color: crimson; font-size: 80%">[人の党]</b>

**Minister of Health, Labour, Youth and Sports**
: 朝下枝, ASA Shizue <b style="color: crimson; font-size: 80%">[人の党]</b>

---

## Structure of the Government

The Government is composed of **9** ministries and **36** departments.

- **Ministry of Economy, Trade, Agriculture, Industry and Innovation** (METAII) \\
  経済貿易農業業界革新省
  - Department of Economy
  - Department of Trade
  - Department of Agriculture
  - Department of Innovation
  - Department of Industry
  - Department of Industrial Connexion
  - Department of Intellectual Property
  - Department of Standardization
- **Ministry of National Security** (MNS) \\
  内国保安省
  - Department of Police
  - Department of Crisis Management
  - Department of Customs
  - Department of Safety and Regulation
  - Department of National Surveillance
  - Department of Identication
- **Ministry of Justice** (MJ) \\
  正義省
  - Department of Judiciary Services
  - Department of Civil Affairs
  - Department of Criminal Affairs
  - Department of Penitentiary Administration
  - Department of Youth Judicial Protection
- **Ministry of Defense and Galactic Surveillance** (MDGS) \\
  銀河防衛監視省
  - Department of Defense
  - Department of Galactic Surveillance
- **Ministry of Foreign Affairs** (MFA) \\
  外交問題省
  - Department of New World Union Countries
  - Department of NationStates Countries
- **Ministry of Infrastructure, Transportation and Ecology** (MITE) \\
  インフラ交通手段生態学省
  - Department of Infrastructure Management
  - Department of Ecology and Recycling
  - Department of Territory Development
  - Department of Urban Transportation
  - Department of Remote Transportation
  - Department of Spatial Transportation
  - Department of Logistics
- **Ministry of Instruction, Research and Culture** (MIRC) \\
  命令研究文化省
  - Department of Instruction
  - Department of Research
  - Department of Culture
- **Ministry of Health, Labour, Youth and Sports** (MHLYS) \\
  健康労働若者スポーツ省  
  - Department of Health
  - Department of Labour
  - Department of Youth
  - Department of Sports

---

## Federal Administration

The Werai Administration is decentralized and federal: the Federation delegates some of its decision-making powers to federal states, which in turn delegate their powers to local governments. This organization and the functioning of federal states are codified by the Federal Administration Act.

The Werai administration has seven levels:

1. The State
2. The Cluster
3. The Sector
4. The System
5. The Planet
6. The Prefecture
7. The City
8. The District

The Cluster has its own constitution, government, parliament and justice system.

---

## Policies put in place by the Government

Since its foundation, the Government of Werreales has contributed to develop and protect Werreales through many policies. Here is a list of some of the policies carried out by this government:

1. **Establishment of federalism as a governance regime** \\
    Date : November 2018, 30<sup>th</sup> \\
    Under the government Akira (I)

---

## Buildings

The Government of Werreales, as many other governments on NationStates, is composed of numerous buildings, each having a specific purpose. Main buildings holding vital powers are located within the Seiku district, in Shinkyō.

### Kantei

Prime Minister's residence is named Kantei (官邸, litt. the _Official Residence_). It is a well-guarded facility equipped with a landing point for helicopters, protected communications and a private library.

[Picture of the entrance of Prime Minister's residence.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/Soridaijinkantei2.jpg/640px-Soridaijinkantei2.jpg)

### Naikaku

Naikaku (内閣, litt. the _National Cabinet_) is the seat of the Prime Minister of Werreales.

[Picture of the National Cabinet and its surroundings.](https://wpblink.com/sites/default/files/wallpaper/sci-fi/73480/sci-fi-building-wallpapers-hd-73480-3646504.png)

### Moriuchi

Moriuchi (守内, litt. the _House of Defense_) is the seat of the Ministry of Defense and Galactic Surveillance, as well as the headquarters of the Galactic Forces of Werreales. This building is located next to the Cabinet of the Prime Minister.

This building use the latest technologies to prevent any assault by foreign forces. For this reason, it is one of the best guarded facilities on Earth.

[Picture of the House of Defense, a cutting-edge fortress.](https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-890a45f0e246e3907ff344bed03c735a)

*[強国党]: Party for a Strong and Sovereign Werreales
*[高国党]: Party of a Great Country
*[人の党]: Party for the People
